# Professional Description

I am an experienced software engineer with 20+ years mostly with web application development. I spent 7 years pursuing my PhD in Electrical Engineering building software for data science research. I decided to come back to what I am most passionate about. I have 2 Bachelors degrees in Information Engineering Technology and Mechanical Engineering from the University of Cincinnati where I have also been an adjunct faculty.
My main skills are development of web services (microservices) in Node.js, Go, Python, Php or Perl. Most projects involve developing container (docker) based services that work seamlessly with AWS ECS or any Kubernetes cluster. I also have very strong frontend web development skills with various frameworks. My applications are typically a combination of database driven with REST API functionality. I have spent a lot of time with both relational and nosql databases and am very fluent writing and optimizing SQL.

Most of my development has been for software development firms but I also have plenty of experience with non-profits, educational institutions and small and non-tech companies. I have very strong written and oral communication skills. I consider myself to be very responsible and always punctual to deadlines.

## My Work

Currently I work as a freelance consultant developing web, mobile and middle-ware apps that bridge the gap between the various open hardware embedded systems I design and build. These systems integrate with existing infrastructure as well as new web and mobile apps to provide various automated solutions to companies that want full control and customization while leveraging the latest cutting edge technologies. Many implementations involve deploying to multiple cloud providers or VPS/IaaS providers that require integration with their own private cloud infrastructure using a common design pattern and top lever security and privacy where needed. Hybrid cloud solution integrations are almost always desired which require a more robust and highly customizable and automated infrastructure which we utilize programmable software based infrastructure to streamline the process of on demand reconfigurable development workflows to infrastructure management and expansion as needed and across multiple service providers using the same code base and tools.

Some of the types of systems we design and implement can utilize AWS, Digital Ocean, Azure and Google Compute Cloud to host fleets of clustered containers that can be deployed to any of the aforementioned service providers as well as internally to spread your applications and continuous development workflows across them making them highly available and virtually zero potential for outages or downtime to your end customers while maintaining a single set of tools for your DevOps teams to manage, monitor and adapt to your loads with agility.
